docs: Update Quickstart to Use V2 Hardhat Example (#524)
oasisprotocol/sapphire-paratime: docs/quickstart.mdx

should be compatible with your dev environment of choice. See examples in
[Go][Oasis starter project for Go] and
[Python][Oasis starter project for Python] at the end of this chapter. Let us
know if things are not as expected!

[Oasis starter project for Go]: https://github.com/oasisprotocol/demo-starter-go
[Oasis starter project for Python]: https://github.com/oasisprotocol/demo-starter-py

1. Make & enter a new directory:

   ```sh
   mkdir quickstart && cd quickstart
   ```

2. Create a TypeScript project and install the project dependencies:

   ```sh
   npx hardhat init
   ```

3. Add [`@oasisprotocol/sapphire-hardhat`] as dependency:

   ```shell npm2yarn
   npm install -D @oasisprotocol/sapphire-hardhat
   ```

### Add the Sapphire Testnet to Hardhat

Open up your `hardhat.config.ts` and import `sapphire-hardhat`.

![code typescript {2}](../examples/hardhat/hardhat.config.ts#config-preamble)

By importing `@oasisprotocol/sapphire-hardhat`, **any network config entry
corresponding to the Sapphire's chain ID will automatically be wrapped with
Sapphire specifics for encrypting and signing the transactions**.

Next, let's add the default test accounts after the imports:

> ![code typescript {6-10}](../examples/hardhat/hardhat.config.ts#config-preamble)

Reviewer: I think it is a bit confusing to have the test account here so prominent, as the quickstart is using the testnet.

I would not have the key in the code showing in the docs, the most I would do is a info box at Run the Contract after the full-vigil task, stating for the testnet the reader should use the same private key from the account they used the faucet with and for localnet they would use this first private key from the test mnemonic.

Author: Yeah! I also thought that we were doing too many things in the `hardhat.config.ts` trying to support both testing/localnet and testnet.

I think it is perhaps intuitive enough here with an independent snippet as this is fairly standard?

```typescript
const accounts = process.env.PRIVATE_KEY ? [process.env.PRIVATE_KEY] : [];
```

The video narration can add color too.

Author: I'm thinking to the other section as is which is highlighted and directly from the example 🤔

Reviewer: I think if you have the one line snippet for accounts, you can remove the key part from the #config-pramble. (in case you still want to have it in the example code).
2nd way to make it short and not overloading, I think, would be to replace in the code
```
// Hardhat Node and sapphire-dev test key
const firstPrivateKey = `0xac0974bec39a17e36ba4a6b4d238ff944bacb478cbed5efcae784d7bf4f2ff80`;
const accounts = process.env.PRIVATE_KEY
  ? [process.env.PRIVATE_KEY]
  : [firstPrivateKey];
```

with the one liner
```
const accounts = process.env.PRIVATE_KEY ? [process.env.PRIVATE_KEY] : [];
```

Author: I think I'd rather have our examples cleaner for devs rather than trying to dual purpose and stuff our testing setup in there. I'll move this to one liner in https://github.com/oasisprotocol/sapphire-paratime/pull/537. We can pass in the environment variable `PRIVATE_KEY` for testing 🤔

Author: Passing `PRIVATE_KEY` in a workflow yaml seems more goofy and inconsistent with our examples. I went back to the one liner in this documentation, but also removed the hardcoded key because we aren't doing fancy multi-network deployment things in `examples/hardhat` as opposed to `demo-opl`. I'm reading this one liner okay here, but the code snippet involved in `config-preamble` doesn't look super confusing for a first time visitor either.

https://github.com/oasisprotocol/sapphire-paratime/blob/c08418c423bf46f5f9f8905e7f3fbfe76d41e2d4/examples/hardhat/hardhat.config.ts#L7-L13

Reviewer: Now there are still two different accounts definitions, which could be confusing 🙈
I would remove either the one liner or the accounts from `config-preamble`

We're going to use Hardhat, but Sapphire should be compatible with your dev
environment of choice. Let us know if things are not as expected!

1. Make & enter a new directory:

> ```sh

Reviewer 2: These should be indented so it's under 1. ? Same below.

> We're going to use Hardhat, but Sapphire should be compatible with your dev

Reviewer 2: Perhaps you mention here or above that this Quickstart uses TypeScript and that we assume you have Node.js installed. Users can check out at the end of this chapter the same example in other languages.

### Add the Sapphire Testnet to Hardhat

Open up your `hardhat.config.ts` and import `sapphire-hardhat`.

> ![code typescript](../examples/hardhat/hardhat.config.ts#config-import)

Reviewer: For me this makes it less clear where to paste the lines, plus it makes you copy&paste 2 times.

Author: Do you find the copying of the entire file to be clearer/easier?

Clarifying on this as opposed to preferring the old JS snippet copying with the highlighted lines.

Reviewer: The old snipped with highlighted lines is for me 100% better devex.

Author: K, makes sense.

By importing `@oasisprotocol/sapphire-hardhat`, **any network config entry
corresponding to the Sapphire's chain ID will automatically be wrapped with
Sapphire specifics for encrypting and signing the transactions**.

> Next, let's add the Sapphire testnet network to the network property of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, let's add the [Sapphire Testnet] network to the `network` property of
```

and below

```
[Sapphire Testnet]: ./network.md
```

> HardhatUserConfig.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`HardhatUserConfig`:
```

This is a Sapphire tutorial and you're already a Solidity expert, so let's not
bore you with explaining the gritty details of the contract.
Start by pasting `Vigil.sol` into `contracts/Vigil.sol`.

1. Create a new file called `Vigil.sol` under `contracts/`:
2. Paste the following contract into it:

<details>
  <summary> Vigil.sol contract </summary>

>   ![code Solidity](../examples/hardhat/contracts/Vigil.sol)

Reviewer 2: I'm wondering, why `revealSecret` is not simply a `view`. Apart from emitting the event, it doesn't really write anything; and if you wanted to rely on catching events, then one could just execute it as a query, get the secret, but the event won't be triggered.

IMO we could safely change `revealSecret` to `view` and remove the SecretRevealed event. The code will be less cluttered too.

>   ![code Solidity](../examples/hardhat/contracts/Vigil.sol)

Author: K. Adding that and the comments needed for highlighting in https://github.com/oasisprotocol/sapphire-paratime/pull/534

</details>

> 3. Add deploy and check tasks to Hardhat config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add the following tasks to the `hardhat.config.ts`:
```

The command later also needs to be changed to use the tasks and not the script anymore.

> 3. Add deploy and test tasks to Hardhat config:

Reviewer 2: I would try to avoid the "test" word in the tasks not to confuse newcomers that are not used to hardhat or dApps in general. Hardhat tasks are meant for contract and dApp management. Tests should live separately in the test/ folder.

```suggestion
3. Add deploy and check tasks to Hardhat config:
```

<details>
  <summary> hardhat.config.ts </summary>

>   ![code typescript](../examples/hardhat/hardhat.config.ts#config-tasks)

Author: Looks like [Netlify](https://app.netlify.com/sites/oasisprotocol-sapphire-paratime/deploys/67c07a1ef4a3320008214eb7) doesn't know about this file until it gets to `docs` 🤔

Author: I can split this into four PRs or just do the one shot bump.

Reviewer 2: Merged latest sapphire-paratime commit into docs repo.

Author: Needs https://github.com/oasisprotocol/docs/pull/1160

failed to fetch secret: reverted: not expired
Waiting...
Checking the secret again

> The secret ingredient is brussel sprouts

Reviewer: the correct writing is with s => brussels

if the s was missing in the scripts/task, it should be added there not removed here

Author: https://github.com/oasisprotocol/sapphire-paratime/pull/537
